Initial version of Shim Project (#20034)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/core/core-http-compat/README.md

> # Azure Core HTTP Compatibility library for JavaScript

Reviewer: I think when you do write this it can be pretty short and sweet, just a line or two about providing compatibility and a quick example of migrating an existing client to use it

Author: Added a readme with usage scenarios

# Azure Core HTTP Compatibility library for JavaScript

> This library provides classes and interfaces to be used by packages that want to move from using [@azure/[core-http](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/core-http)) to [@azure/core-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/core-client) & [@azure/core-rest-pipeline](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/core-rest-pipeline)) without causing breaking changes in their public API surface.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This library provides classes and interfaces to be used by Azure client libraries that want to move from using [@azure/core-http](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/core-http) to [@azure/core-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/core-client) & [@azure/core-rest-pipeline](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/core-rest-pipeline) without causing breaking changes in their public API surface.
```

# Azure Core HTTP Compatibility library for JavaScript

> This library provides compatibility between the Core V1 ([core-http](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/core-http)) and the Core V1 ([core-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/core-client) & [core-rest-pipeline](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/core-rest-pipeline)) libraries.
> 
> Recently, a new set of libraries (`core-client` & `core-rest-pipeline`) have been developed to replace the older `core-http` library. The existing libraries with `core-http` dependency will be migrated to use the new libraries. But, this migration will cause some breaking changes.
> 
> In order to avoid the breaking change to our customers, this compatibility library has been developed. This will avoid any breaking changes during the migration and provide a bridging layer between Core V1 & Core V2 libraries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This library provides classes and interfaces to be used by packages that want to move from using [@azure/[core-http](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/core-http)) to [@azure/core-client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/core-client) & [@azure/core-rest-pipeline](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/core-rest-pipeline)) without causing breaking changes in their public API surface.
```

## Usage

### ExtendedServiceClientOptions

> With Core V1 library, the `options` parameter to the generated client will look like:

Reviewer 2: Can we try to not use the terms Core v1 and Core v2 and use the names of the packages instead? Since core-http is Core v1, but its major version is 2, that might cause some confusion

Author: Removed the references to Core V1 & V2

```
export interface SearchClientOptionalParams extends coreHttp.ServiceClientOptions {
  /** Overrides client endpoint. */
  endpoint?: string;

> }

Reviewer 2: What do you think of combining all the code related to core v1 in a single code snippet? And then another for core v2? Then we will be showing options and how to use the options all in a single place. Is there a case where someone would want need to understand only the options and not creating the client? Or only the ExtendedServiceClientOptions and not ExtendedCommonClientOptions?

Author: Actually Yes. One is for generated client and one is for custom client. That was the reason I am showing them seperately.

Reviewer 2: The changes to the generated client will be taken care by the code generator and the end user does not have to do anything right? So, am thinking we don;t need to go into too much details here or we can skip the section for generated client altogether

> If your library was auto generated using the `@autorest/typescript` code generator and it added a dependency on `@azure/core-http`
